CCSINTL-3822 Run Vale and fix errors for assemblies in monitoring (#117317)
openshift/openshift-docs: configuring-core-platform-monitoring/preparing-to-configure-the-monitoring-stack.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="preparing-to-configure-the-monitoring-stack"]
= Preparing to configure core platform monitoring stack
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: preparing-to-configure-the-monitoring-stack

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> Identify configurable {ocp} monitoring components and prerequisites to prepare for postinstallation cluster monitoring configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Identify configurable {ocp} monitoring components and prerequisites to prepare for post-installation cluster monitoring configuration.
```
